Simpsons dataset for Tidy Tuesday (#785)
rfordatascience/tidytuesday: data/curated/simpsons/intro.md

> This week, we are going to explore the Simpsons Dataset from [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/prashant111/the-simpsons-dataset).  Many thanks to [Prashant Banerjee](https://www.kaggle.com/prashant111) for making this dataset available to the public.  The Simpsons Dataset is comprised of four files that contain the characters, locations, episode details, and script lines for approximately 600 Simpsons episodes.  Please note that episodes and script lines have been filtered down to only include episodes from 2010 to 2016 in the episodes data to keep file size within Tidy Tuesday guidelines!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, we are going to explore a [Simpsons Dataset from Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/prashant111/the-simpsons-dataset).  Many thanks to [Prashant Banerjee](https://www.kaggle.com/prashant111) for making this dataset available to the public.  The Simpsons Dataset is composed of four files that contain the characters, locations, episode details, and script lines for approximately 600 Simpsons episodes.  Please note that episodes and script lines have been filtered to only include episodes from 2010 to 2016 in the episodes data to keep file size within GitHub limits!
```

Here is some history on the Simpsons Dataset from the author:

> > Originally, this dataset was scraped by Tod Schenider for his post The Simpsons by the Data, for which he made the scraper available on GitHub. Kaggle user William Cukierski used the scraper to upload the data set, which has been rehosted here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Originally, this dataset was scraped by [Todd W. Schneider] for his post [The Simpsons by the Data](https://toddwschneider.com/posts/the-simpsons-by-the-data/), for which he made the scraper available on GitHub. Kaggle user William Cukierski used the scraper to upload the data set, which has been rehosted here.
```

> Thanks to [Nicolas Foss Ed.D., MS](https://github.com/nicolasfoss) for curating this week's dataset!
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This line gets auto-added/auto-formatted by the accept script.
